PERMANENT SUCCESS CONSULTANCY
YOUR DREAMS ,OUR PRIORITY.

About Us
Permanent Success consultancy was founded and kicked off its activities in 2020, with an aim of providing long lasting solutions to individuals and institutions through comprehensive training programs.
Our S.M.A.R.T training programs have been able to help individuals and institutions get the best out of their employees, acquire more customers as they  advance in business growth and development. 
We strive to create  self-sustaining institutions that focuses on growth by investing more in their employees. 
We are determined to create a culture and values that drive collective change and responsibility in Four areas: ~Customer Service/experience 
~Quality Leadership and management
~ Employee Productivity  and, 
~ Team Building activities. 

We also do Personal and Bussines Coaching to individuals who want to grow their personal skills and how to start and manage a business successfully. 

We work with competent and certified individuals who are well experienced in delivering acumen that engages participants in practical and result oriented Learning. 

OUR MISSION 
Our Mission is to offer quality , comprehensive and workable training  programs that will build, sustain and empower Individuals & Institutions to achieve their goals and objectives.

OUR VISION 
To be the consultancy of world wide competence in training, coaching, research and innovation for sustainable growth and development.

OUR CORE VALUES 

Integrity
We promise to always remain true to our brand by being honest and follow the moral principles to build trust with our customers.
Quality
We only deliver excellence and focus in exceeding expectations to all our customers.

Customer Focused
Our fundamental reason for existence is to satisfy our customers. We are entirely driven by meeting the needs of our customers.

Accountability
We are fully responsible for all our actions, inactions and decisions that may affect our customers.

Team work
We fully commit ourselves to work together recognizing that we can always achieve more through collaboration and partnerships.

OUR TRAINING PROGRAMS

CUSTOMER SERVICE / CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE 
Exeptional customer service is the only way to maintain good customer relations and grow a successful business. 
Since it creates a good connection between the business and its customers, poor customer service will make the business to fail and remain viable. 
Every bussiness is in a competition for feeling from its customers. How a business makes its clients and customers feel through their actions, determine its growth. 
One customer is equal to Ten or more clients depending with their network and the vise versa is also true. 

We therefore focus on training individuals and institutions on :
-Basic needs of customers 
-Elements of customer service 
-how to achive high customer satisfaction
-Essential actions to create a culture of excellent customer service
-Communication to customers both physically and virtually 
-How to effectively handle customer's complaints and still build trust and loyalty
-How to handle difficult and frustrated customers physically and online and still win their heart. 
- How to communicate changes in terms of products and services. 
- Drafting emails in response to customer complaints. 

QUALITY LEADERSHIP AND MANAGEMENT 
We help our customers learn the leadership principles that are designed to help new and aspiring leaders unleash the potential in themselves and others, and cultivate high-performing team. This will help leaders become more versatile and are able to mobilize others by immersing themselves in real-world leadership challenges, self-assessment, and 360-degree feedback from colleagues and peers. 
Through our leadership training programs, we address and help you;
 - Understand your motivational drivers, emotional intelligence, and communication methods to establish a unique leadership style through self - assessment 
- Be in control of your professional and personal development as you navigate the challenges of transitioning from an individual contributor to a leader. 
- Handle stressful and demanding Situations and also understand the importance of emotional intelligence as you transition to leadership positions. 
- Manage effectively the conditions that drive team performance that will automatically lead to achievement of goals and objectives. 
- Apply and adapt your Leadership style to meet emerging needs and challenges. 
-Learn techniques on how to Mentor /Coach  and motivate colleagues and share feedback to make them more productive and unleash each Individual's unique talents through influence and without authority. 
- Drive team work and see how a leader's self-perception and mindset must change in order to bring out the best in others. 
-How to communicate your vision for the business effectively and get everyone into it. 
-

EMPLOYEE PRODUCTIVITY 
Stephen R. Covey Said "The call and need of a new Era is for greatness. Tapping into the higher reaches of human genius and motivation requires leaders to have a new mind-set, a new skill set, and a new tool-set'

Employee productivity is summarized into Skill and talent empowerment, Energy management, Motivation and Growth Process. 
We shall be able to strengthen your employee's skills and empower their talents that will increase their performance and create an exceptional  culture for personal and business growth. 
We help leaders to create a conducive work culture that will help increase employee productivity through accountability, motivation, training, time management, feedback, delegation and assignment of responsibilities, creativity and innovation and breaking job routines. 

TEAM BUILDING 
Effective team-building creates engaged employees and a cohesive company culture. It can be fun, adventurous and enjoyable. We shall help your employees have a good time as a team and work better as a team. 
We have wide range of activities that are designed to improve team performance. 
This will bring out the best in a team and ensure self development, positive communication, leadership, creativity, problem solving and team work to achieve a common goal. 
This will also break the monotony at work as your employees will have fun, know one another out of the professional view and interact on either personal or group view. 



HOW WE WORK
Since your dreams are our priority, we begin our partnership by understanding our clients history which includes their successes and failures and now their next big move in full realization of their dream.
We offer sessions in two formats: In-house and open House.

During in-house sessions, it is only members of your organization undergoing training of which discussions are highly focused on your organization's situation and desired learning outcomes.
Open house sessions occur with other organizations in the same space who share similar challenges. Out of this format, participants are able to gain diverse perspectives from other organizations by sharing challenges, successes and strategies. Moreover, it provides a good opportunity for networking. 